# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
aiobotocore==2.13.0
    # via s3fs
aiofiles==22.1.0
    # via ypy-websocket
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   s3fs
aioitertools==0.11.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
aiosqlite==0.20.0
    # via ypy-websocket
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autovizwidget==0.21.0
    # via sparkmagic
babel==2.15.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
boto3==1.34.106
    # via pyiceberg
botocore==1.34.106
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via pyiceberg
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
cryptography==42.0.7
    # via
    #   pyspnego
    #   requests-kerberos
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   gssapi
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2023.12.2
    # via
    #   pyiceberg
    #   s3fs
gssapi==1.8.3
    # via pyspnego
hdijupyterutils==0.21.0
    # via
    #   autovizwidget
    #   sparkmagic
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-ydoc
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
ipykernel==6.29.4
    # via
    #   hdijupyterutils
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
    #   sparkmagic
ipython==8.18.1
    # via
    #   hdijupyterutils
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   sparkmagic
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==8.1.3
    # via
    #   autovizwidget
    #   hdijupyterutils
    #   jupyter
    #   sparkmagic
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
json5==0.9.25
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.22.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via hdijupyterutils
jupyter-client==7.4.9
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
jupyter-server==2.14.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-fileid==0.9.2
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server-ydoc==0.8.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-ydoc==0.2.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-ydoc
    #   jupyterlab
jupyterlab==3.6.7
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.2
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.11
    # via ipywidgets
krb5==0.5.1
    # via pyspnego
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
mmhash3==3.0.1
    # via pyiceberg
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-boto3-glue==1.34.115
    # via pyiceberg
nbclassic==1.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   sparkmagic
notebook==6.5.7
    # via
    #   autovizwidget
    #   hdijupyterutils
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyterlab
    #   sparkmagic
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   hdijupyterutils
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pyspark
    #   sparkmagic
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   autovizwidget
    #   hdijupyterutils
    #   pyspark
    #   sparkmagic
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.22.0
    # via autovizwidget
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.45
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.8
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py4j==0.10.9.7
    # via pyspark
pyarrow==11.0.0
    # via
    #   pyiceberg
    #   pyspark
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.7.2
    # via pyiceberg
pydantic-core==2.18.3
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   rich
pyiceberg==0.6.1
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via pyiceberg
pyspark==3.5.1
pyspnego==0.10.2
    # via requests-kerberos
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
    #   strictyaml
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==26.0.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.5.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   pyiceberg
    #   requests-kerberos
    #   sparkmagic
requests-kerberos==0.14.0
    # via sparkmagic
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.7.1
    # via pyiceberg
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
s3fs==2023.12.2
    # via pyiceberg
s3transfer==0.10.1
    # via boto3
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   thrift
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via pyiceberg
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sparkmagic==0.20.5
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
strictyaml==1.7.3
    # via pyiceberg
tenacity==8.3.0
    # via plotly
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   notebook
thrift==0.20.0
    # via pyiceberg
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   sparkmagic
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.0
    # via
    #   aioitertools
    #   aiosqlite
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
    #   mypy-boto3-glue
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.11
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via aiobotocore
y-py==0.6.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-ydoc
    #   ypy-websocket
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
ypy-websocket==0.8.4
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
zipp==3.19.1
    # via importlib-metadata
